Add v1.2.1 to v1.2.2 upgrade page (#566)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-2-1-to-v1-2-2.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: Upgrade from v1.2.1 to v1.2.2
title: "Upgrade from v1.2.1 to v1.2.2"
---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.3/upgrade/v1-2-1-to-v1-2-2"/>
</head>

## General information

> Once there is an upgradable version, the Harvester GUI Dashboard page will show an upgrade button. For more details, please refer to [start an upgrade](./automatic.md#start-an-upgrade).
> 
> For the air-gap env upgrade, please refer to [prepare an air-gapped upgrade](./automatic.md#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **Upgrade** button appears on the **Dashboard** screen whenever a new Harvester version that you can upgrade to becomes available. For more information, see [Start an upgrade](./automatic.md#start-an-upgrade).

For air-gapped environments, see [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](./automatic.md#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).
```

Reviewer: This wording is from [Upgrade from v1.1.1/v1.1.2 to v1.1.3](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.4/upgrade/v1-1-1-to-v1-1-3#general-information).

Author: Fixed. Thanks for adding comments to all versions!
